Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today it's that family man, Ozzie Nelson, who feels very strongly
about his weekends in the country.
Yes, sir, Smokey, and that goes for all the Nelsons.
Harriet, David, Ricky, and me.
Ever since the boys were little fellas, we've headed for the outdoors every weekend we could make it, and the heavy traffic never stopped us.
We're kind of a camping-out family, and it's helped keep us close together through the years.
It's also developed in each one of us the good habit of always being careful with fire outdoors.
When the boys were younger, we used to make a game of it.
Everybody checking up on everybody else to make sure no one was careless with his match or the campfire.
We've seen the results of fire running wild, Smokey, and we prefer the beautiful, green, productive forest to black ghosts of trees on an ugly landscape.
I'm sure every weekend camper feels the same way.
Thank you, Ozzie Nelson.
Now the Sons of the Pioneers here have a song about another kind of ghost and about... Well, you tell them, Lloyd...
Mr. Nelson, you mentioned weekend traffic.
That reminds us of the heavy traffic on the trails years ago when great clouds of dust rolled upwards to the sky.
Rolling dust, rolling dust, rolling dust, rolling dust.
Rollin' dust, rollin' dust, rollin' dust.
They ride along the fading trails of long, long of gold.
And sparks of hoofbeats glitter in the shadows as they go.
Out across the backlands where the dust has laid so long, you'll see them loping through the night and hear their writing song.
Rolling dust, rolling dust, rolling dust.
The years are long and many since they rode down into town It's now just weeds and wormy boards and shacks all tumble down For once they stood up to the bar and pretty girls discussed
They now hear ghostly laughter through a veil of heavy dust.
Rolling dust, rolling dust, rolling dust.
you see them in the history books or in the cloudy sky their fame will live forever their ghost will never die plunging through the night winds they ride because they must
Oh, deep down in some lonely grave They long since turned to die Rollin' dust, rollin' dust Rollin' dust, rollin' dust Rollin' dust, rollin' dust Rollin' dust, rollin' dust Rollin' dust
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again, this is Smokey and his pals, the sons of the pioneers, asking you to always remember...
Only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Crowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
.